Okay, I paid silently for three years
In exchange for being cheated by money
Humiliated
And then you let me not embarrass you, didn't you?
have money
Start now.
You and I have returned to the west for half a year
Tonight, the Su family will be able to be on the dragon rack
Officially promoted to Qingzhou family
And Mr. Su is even more willing to be promoted to Nine Heavens Phoenix Girl
proud of the great summer
He will only regret it for you
I've seen thick-skinned
I've never seen you so thick-skinned
The first time I see you like this
It's my fault
But I have no regrets
Bah pretend
Lingyan Longmen Banquet is about to start
Why don't you come in with me?
Chen Shao
And you shouldn't have treated Xiao Chen like that just now.
I do this
Just afraid of that trash
I'm punishing you for delaying tonight's Dragon Gate Banquet
The lord of the dragon will also attack
If he were to see the despondent Lingyan
You have two of mine, which is a thing
I'm really, really worried about depression.
That trash delayed you
But you are kind-hearted
Don't want to do things that hurt others
Then let me be the bad guy
Thank you. You're welcome.
It's getting late.
I'll go first
Mr. Su, I think Mr. Chen is right
Xiao Chen
This liar has been delaying you for three years.
A woman has few three years
I think you should be brave enough to pursue this love
Dragon Lord
Why didn't you tell me who you were?
He loves the hero dragon lord
And I'm just a deed
The breakdown of this relationship
Is it a hero dragon lord with me?
It doesn't matter for half a dime.
Is tonight's raw dragon banquet cancelled?
You don't have to be powerful.
Only then can you summon your sincerity